chore: release v0.10.5 (#1870)
terramate-io/terramate: CHANGELOG.md

- Backward compatibility in versions `0.0.z` is **not guaranteed** when `z` is increased.
- Backward compatibility in versions `0.y.z` is **not guaranteed** when `y` is increased.

## v0.10.5

### Fixed

> - Fix "outputs-sharing" experiment to support `any` input types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `outputs-sharing` experiment to use `type = any` for generated Terraform input variables in dependent stacks.
```

- Backward compatibility in versions `0.0.z` is **not guaranteed** when `z` is increased.
- Backward compatibility in versions `0.y.z` is **not guaranteed** when `y` is increased.

## v0.10.5

> ### Added

Reviewer 2: Nitpick, but you name it "sharing outputs" feature here, whereas in previous changelog entries, it's `outputs-sharing` experiment. Would be better to have some consistency in the naming.
